the
by purpose or the moment that I expected
be welcome to the monthly video face of
eat gamer botti win 100 dollars
progress in digital games
the number 1 the video sent by angel or
mendiburu
where we can appreciate the massacre of
driver faces bein driven prepares his
definitive to support death but
in the flash it will go to the other side
the video of 7 x lucky presents us desire
of his mission to become Korean
he prepares his tornado he is going to launch
bravo you have taken the robot
at number 3 the video sent by a
chocolate strange things happen day
a day in the battles that occurred in the
Wailing abyss we are about
to witness an event worthy of
file of snakes series 2 figure
land
We continue with the video sent by the
new play tells us the story of the
little Havana who was for her
enemies in the jungle it's time to
running small citizen's hands
of hunter lisin and without almost was not
capture her and be able to take her life and
so get out victorious if you are going to not get
to the tower of 100 he realizes that he
It is blind
and you saved Juanita
to finalize the video sent by xm
bit where he introduces us to katarina the
indomitable
is preparing to launch its definitive and
well to be able to throw a fourth succulent
realizing that his opponents
its grapes or definitive reacts and occupies
Its less than nothing and it can not be
go down
takes a second wind and continues with its mass
gray and 'do not die
I was waiting for patient players back and
be able to take an ex here
Now that you've seen the videos of the month,
in your hands choosing who will win enters
as the first dot com in the section
videos choose vote select your move
favorite and is ready to participate
this was all for today do not forget to vote
to win great prizes